1. Online Booking
Every SimpleSpa business receives a free booking page, and your clients can schedule their appointment anytime and really fast with our hassle free wizard.

2. Appointment Management
Simple, intuitive calendar, redesigned allowing more staff, more appointments to fit your screen.

3. Locations
Your business is growing? SimpleSpa grows with you, add a new business location on the fly, plus you get a free appointment booking page for each location you have.

4. Locations
Your business is growing? SimpleSpa grows with you, add a new business location on the fly, plus you get a free appointment booking page for each location you have.

5. Product Management
Manage your products with inventory control and vendor tracking, and a you can record product only transactions.

6. Package Management
Make service bundles and offer them to your clients, our software knows who bought the package services are automatically deducted from their account

7. Gift Certificates
Powerful gift certificate tools, create your own redeemable gift card codes or let us automatically generate them for you

8. Credit Card Processing
With our simple integrated Credit Card processing, you can key-in and process credit cards directly and securely from the SimpleSpa POS

9. Localization
SimpleSpa speaks your language with English, French, Italian, Spanish, German, Greek, and online booking that automatically detects and displays to your customers locale

10. Reports
Track your business performance month by month with our easy to understand reports.

11. Website Tools
Get a SimpleSpa book now button for your site or even better online booking can be embedded directly in your website, with our embed code.

12. Multi-Appointments
Book multiple services with SimpleSpa, and when it's time to checkout & pay SimpleSpa automatically bundles them together.

13. SMS & Text
Powerful SMS/Text Messages so you can make sure that your clients and staff always remember their scheduled appointments.

14. Email Reminders
SimpleSpa automatically send an email confirmation to you and automatically sends an appointment reminder to your clients, absolutely free.

15. Dashboard
Powerful daily dashboard gives you all the insight you need to keep your day productive.

16. Transactions
Appointment checkout, is simple with our free appointment transaction system you can record all your transactions quickly and easily.